Marco announcement blog and Staffpage update (#546)
rustfoundation/foundation.rust-lang.org: news/welcoming-infrastructure-engineer-marco-ieni-to-the-rust-foundation-team.md

---
title: Welcoming Infrastructure Engineer, Marco Ieni to the Rust Foundation Team
byline: Rust Foundation Team
description: >-

>   We are pleased to announce that Jon Bauman has joined the Rust Foundation as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We are pleased to announce that Marco Ieni has joined the Rust Foundation as
```
